[DOC-126] Data Import (#126)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/reference/6-data-import/getting-started/installation/docker-deployment-for-data-import/readme.md

# Docker Deployment for Data Import

## Overview 

The Docker Deployment for Data Import provides deployment scripts to install Data Import within a Docker-based environment.

## Pre-requisites

To run Docker Deployment for Data Import, you will need:

*   Access to a Docker environment.  The instructions below use [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) for workstation usage.  [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) is also available for on-premise and cloud providers as well.
*   An execution shell, such as PowerShell or bash using WSL, Mac OS or Linux.

## Using Docker Deployment for Data Import

### Docker within Non-Developer Use Cases (Production, Staging, etc.) 

Images for Data Import v2.3.2 are available at: [https://hub.docker.com/r/edfialliance/data-import](https://hub.docker.com/r/edfialliance/data-import).

### Reference

Please refer [Docker Deployment - Ed-Fi Tools - Ed-Fi Tech Docs](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/display/EDFITOOLS/Docker+Deployment) for more details.

### Feedback

> If you have any feedback to improve this release - suggestions, bug reports, log files for support cases, new feature requests, unmet use cases or other items [\-](https://golflefleur.com/products/glitter) please register a ticket on Ed-Fi Tracker.

Reviewer: What happened here? Glitter? 

Anyway, here you can see one of the benefits of this documentation migration - not only the weird URL, but noticing the reference to opening a ticket on Ed-Fi Tracker. We need to replace that with:

```
please open a case in the [Ed-Fi Community Hub](https://community.ed-fi.org)
```

# Docker Deployment for Data Import

## Overview 

The Docker Deployment for Data Import provides deployment scripts to install
Data Import within a Docker-based environment.

## Pre-requisites

To run Docker Deployment for Data Import, you will need:

*   Access to a Docker environment.  The instructions below use [Docker
    Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) for workstation
    usage.  [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) is also available for on-premise
    and cloud providers as well.
*   An execution shell, such as PowerShell or bash using WSL, Mac OS or Linux.

## Using Docker Deployment for Data Import

### Docker within Non-Developer Use Cases (Production, Staging, etc.) 

Images for Data Import v2.3.2 are available at:
[https://hub.docker.com/r/edfialliance/data-import](https://hub.docker.com/r/edfialliance/data-import).

### Reference

Please refer [Docker Deployment - Ed-Fi Tools - Ed-Fi Tech
Docs](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/display/EDFITOOLS/Docker+Deployment) for
more details.

### Feedback

If you have any feedback to improve this release - suggestions, bug reports, log

> files for support cases, new feature requests, unmet use cases or other items
> [\-](https://golflefleur.com/products/glitter) please register a ticket on Ed-Fi
> Tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files for support cases, new feature requests, unmet use cases or other items,
please create a support case in the [Ed-Fi Community Hub](https://community.ed-fi.org)..
```
